;FFMETADATA1
title=Galaxy's Edge, Issue 21: July 2016
artist=George R. R. Martin
album_artist=George R. R. Martin
album=Galaxy's Edge, Issue 21: July 2016: A Magazine of Science Fiction and Fantasy Issue 21: July 2016 Mike Resnick, Editor Jean Rabe, Assistant Editor Shahid Mahmud, Publisher Stories by: Martin L. Shoemaker, Larry Hodges, Kij Johnson, Laurie Tom, Robert Silverberg, Mike Resnick, Nancy Kress, Dantzel Cherry, Steve Pantazis, Nathan Dodge, George R. R. Martin. Serialization: The Long Tomorrow by Leigh Brackett Columns by: Barry Malzberg, Gregory Benford Recommended Books: Jody Lynn Nye and Bill Fawcett Interview: Joy Ward interviews Robert J. Sawyer Galaxy's Edge is a Hugo-nominated bi-monthly magazine published by Phoenix Pick, the science fiction and fantasy imprint of Arc Manor, an award winning independent press based in Maryland. Each issue of the magazine has a mix of new and old stories, a serialization of a novel, columns by Barry Malzberg and Gregory Benford, book recommendations by Jody Lynn Nye and Bill Fawcett and an interview conducted by Joy Ward.
TIT3=A Magazine of Science Fiction and Fantasy Issue 21: July 2016 Mike Resnick, Editor Jean Rabe, Assistant Editor Shahid Mahmud, Publisher Stories by: Martin L. Shoemaker, Larry Hodges, Kij Johnson, Laurie Tom, Robert Silverberg, Mike Resnick, Nancy Kress, Dantzel Cherry, Steve Pantazis, Nathan Dodge, George R. R. Martin. Serialization: The Long Tomorrow by Leigh Brackett Columns by: Barry Malzberg, Gregory Benford Recommended Books: Jody Lynn Nye and Bill Fawcett Interview: Joy Ward interviews Robert J. Sawyer Galaxy's Edge is a Hugo-nominated bi-monthly magazine published by Phoenix Pick, the science fiction and fantasy imprint of Arc Manor, an award winning independent press based in Maryland. Each issue of the magazine has a mix of new and old stories, a serialization of a novel, columns by Barry Malzberg and Gregory Benford, book recommendations by Jody Lynn Nye and Bill Fawcett and an interview conducted by Joy Ward.
genre=Audio Book
date=1976
comment=Read by Lauralee Fiebrink
description=Read by Lauralee Fiebrink
TRACKTOTAL=1
